com/example/myapplication/databinding/ListItemcBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ListItemcBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityCalendarBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityCalendarBinding
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ListItemdelBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ListItemdelBinding
com/example/myapplication/data/LoginDataSource.java
 com.example.myapplication.data.LoginDataSource
com/example/myapplication/CalendarActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.CalendarActivity
 com.example.myapplication.CalendarActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapterC
 com.example.myapplication.PersonC
com/example/myapplication/data/LoginRepository.java
 com.example.myapplication.data.LoginRepository
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityScrollingBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityScrollingBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityDeleteBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityDeleteBinding
com/example/myapplication/data/model/LoggedInUser.java
 com.example.myapplication.data.model.LoggedInUser
com/example/myapplication/data/Result.java
 com.example.myapplication.data.Result
 com.example.myapplication.data.Result$1
 com.example.myapplication.data.Result$Error
 com.example.myapplication.data.Result$Success
com/example/myapplication/CalendarActivity1.java
 com.example.myapplication.CalendarActivity1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ContentScrollingBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ContentScrollingBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/ScrollingActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.Person
 com.example.myapplication.ScrollingActivity
 com.example.myapplication.ScrollingActivity$1
com/example/myapplication/DBcontrol.java
 com.example.myapplication.DBcontrol
com/example/myapplication/ScrollingActivity1.java
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter1
 com.example.myapplication.Person1
 com.example.myapplication.ScrollingActivity1
com/example/myapplication/AddCalendarActivity3.java
 com.example.myapplication.AddCalendarActivity3
 com.example.myapplication.AddCalendarActivity3$1
 com.example.myapplication.AddCalendarActivity3$2
 com.example.myapplication.AddCalendarActivity3$3
 com.example.myapplication.AddCalendarActivity3$4
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityAddCalendar3Binding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityAddCalendar3Binding
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity2.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity2
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity2$1
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity2$2
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity2$3
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity2$4
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity2$5
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity2$Perehod
com/example/myapplication/DeleteActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.DeleteActivity
 com.example.myapplication.DeleteActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.DeleteActivity$MyArrayAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapterD1
 com.example.myapplication.PersonD1
